To make sure that they load again.
We need to go back to the action creator and add a brand new action in the orders action creator excuse
me.
One identified I need is set orders just as we had one for a set product to set the loaded orders and
then here I have my fetch orders.
Action creator which takes no arguments but which then returns my async dispatch function here thanks
to redux func and dear ultimately I dispatch where I send a new action where to type is set orders and
where I have my loaded orders and of course that should not be an empty array.
Instead we can borrowed a logic from the products action creator from fetch products there we can take
all that logic copy all of that here and move it over to the order action creator and run that before
we dispatch.
Here now of course we need to fine tune this for example the request needs to be sent to orders.
You won and again Dad will be replaced later with a dynamic value.
For now it's hard coded to fetch to orders for this user should be a get request I want to check this.
That's fine.
Here I got my response data.
Now here I got my low debt orders.
That seems to be a more appropriate name.
Still a loop through all the data I got and I want to set my loaded orders down there.
But now there's one important difference.
I don't create new products here which I add to loaded orders instead.
Of course I need to create new orders here.
And for Dad you need to import order from the order model now.
Also I see there's a missing curly brace now before I proceed with that by the way.
I need to make sure that I also catch any errors I might be getting and there I want to throw the error.
Basically rephrase it.
Make sure it reaches my component and I need one more a closing curly brace
but now back to our logic here where I create new orders there.
The idea is to keep justice for the products the items can be found in my response data because we get
to basically get back this year right so the response data will hold a card items Key for example which
holds my card items which I need so respond state of 40 given key and their dot card items.
That's where I find my items because that's what we send here in the end to store the card items then
my order which I create here of course also needs the total amount.
I get that from rest data key and then there if we have a look at Firebase it's that total amount field
here
and the date.
Well for that I create a new data object but I initialize this with the rest data key target date.
Now we need to create a new data object because arrest data keyboards date is just a date string here
and I need a date object not a date string.
Hence we wrap it this string we wrap it with the date object creation here and therefore we get a data
object.
That's the order which I add here to load it orders.
We do it for all the orders we're fetching and with that we can dispatch this and now we just need to
handle it in the orders reducer.
So there if I handle set orders and for Dad you of course need to import this action identifier.
The only thing I need to do is I need to return and use state object where orders is equal to action.
Orders and that's all we need to do.
So really simple.
And why is it that simple.
Because in the action creator we do all the work there we map our orders and then here I just have the
orders key on my action which holds all the mapped orders.
So that's just what I need to store here.
Now the remaining step is that we dispatch fetch orders here in our orders screen so let's go there
and let's actually at use a fact again to do that and to dispatch.
We also need to import use dispatch from react redux.
And then here we can get access to that dispatch function by executing us dispatch.
And then here and use a fact we add dispatch as a dependency because in this effect function here I
dispatch and now I need my order actions.
So let me import everything as orders actions from the store folder from the actions folder from the
orders file and with that imported here we can say orders actions whips orders actions dot fetch orders
like that that will go ahead and make that request and therefore now if we save does and we go to the
orders screen it's initially empty but very very fast it loads all the orders which we stored and that
are these free orders which I have here and of course we can expand this justice before now a loading
spinner would be nice as well.
And of course you can all the past a video here and tried it on your own.
All quickly do it the same way as before import use state from react.
Then here set up the is loading state and set is loading by executing use state and setting this to
falls initially and then here into effect in the end I want to use async await.
Now I said that you can't or shouldn't at async here so we can ever use then here simply or wrap this
in a helper function.
Now I will just use the then call so we'll set is loading to true here and then add then here and once
this is done I know we have a response so here it will set is loading to false.
Now please note that I'm not having error handling here.
So if this fails we're not handling this.
Instead we'll always be in the loading state.
So of course you might want to consider adding error handling as well or just not doing it here because
they showed how it works to not bloat this module too much.
I'll not implement it but I can.
But of course you could handle errors here if you would want to use this then approach here by also
adding catch.
This is something you can absolutely do here.
All focus on the loading part.
However now since I have all of that set up we can import the activity indicator and import the view
component and for some styling.
Also import the stall sheet API from react native and then check whether we're in the loading state
in which case I want to return my centered activity indicator here with the size of large and a color
which should be colors which you need to import data for primary so make sure you have that colors import
added And with that added here I'll add styles equal to ops style equals two styles dots centered or
however you want to name it and now add dead styles object here with the help of style sheet create
and they're centered should have setup of flex one justify content center and align items center like
this with Dad if we save it we have a look at orders we see the spinner again it's loading very fast
but you can see it if you look closely here's the spinner for a fraction of a second and there after
the orders are loaded so that's now working storing and fetching orders all the works.
And with that we implemented H to the p requests and using a server for storing the data in this app.